Adding Cloudflare Pages (#3718)
remix-run/remix: docs/guides/data-loading.md

```

## Cloudflare KV
If you picked Cloudflare Pages as your environment, [Cloudflare Key Value][cloudflare-kv] storage allows you to persist data at the edge as if it were a static resource. To start with local development, you need to add a `--kv` parameter with a name of your namespace to the package.json task, so it would look like this:

> `
> "dev:wrangler": "cross-env NODE_ENV=development wrangler pages dev ./public --kv PRODUCTS_KV"
> `

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
"dev:wrangler": "cross-env NODE_ENV=development wrangler pages dev ./public --kv PRODUCTS_KV"
```
````

> This enable you to use the `PRODUCTS_KV` in a loader context:

Author: The context is initiated on line 245 and it is used on line 248. Pages for some reason require this, while Workers does not.

> This enable you to use the `PRODUCTS_KV` in a loader context:

Reviewer 2: It's probably better to just generalize this into something about "getLoadContext" is the place where you can pass CF env things through to your action / loader context so it can be applicable to Workers / Pages.

> This enable you to use the `PRODUCTS_KV` in a loader context:

Reviewer: Good point. Do we do the same thing with `context` for workers? You can get things off of `context` in that environment as well?

> This enable you to use the `PRODUCTS_KV` in a loader context:

Author: Actually, fixing this behavior to have the same code for both platforms would be great. I consider the Pages code easier to understand though, context explains where the namespace comes from.

> This enable you to use the `PRODUCTS_KV` in a loader context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables you to use the `PRODUCTS_KV` in a loader context (KV stores are added to loader context automatically by the Cloudflare Pages adapter):
```
